#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
absl-py==0.13.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
cachetools==4.2.2
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   zetastitcher
certifi==2021.5.30
    # via requests
chardet==4.0.0
    # via requests
cloudpickle==1.6.0
    # via hyperopt
colorama==0.4.4
    # via -r requirements.in
coloredlogs==15.0.1
    # via zetastitcher
cvxpy==1.1.17
    # via zetastitcher
cycler==0.10.0
    # via matplotlib
decorator==4.4.2
    # via networkx
ecos==2.0.7.post1
    # via cvxpy
future==0.18.2
    # via hyperopt
gast==0.3.3
    # via tensorflow
google-auth==1.32.1
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.4
    # via tensorboard
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
grpcio==1.38.1
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
h5py==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via coloredlogs
humanize==3.12.0
    # via zetastitcher
hyperopt==0.2.5
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==2.10
    # via requests
imageio==2.9.0
    # via
    #   scikit-image
    #   zetastitcher
keras-preprocessing==1.1.2
    # via tensorflow
kiwisolver==1.3.1
    # via matplotlib
llvmlite==0.37.0
    # via numba
markdown==3.3.4
    # via tensorboard
matplotlib==3.4.2
    # via scikit-image
networkx==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   hyperopt
    #   scikit-image
    #   zetastitcher
numba==0.54.1
    # via -r requirements.in
numpy==1.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cvxpy
    #   ecos
    #   h5py
    #   hyperopt
    #   imageio
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   matplotlib
    #   numba
    #   opencv-python
    #   opt-einsum
    #   osqp
    #   pandas
    #   pims
    #   pywavelets
    #   qdldl
    #   quadprog
    #   scipy
    #   scs
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tifffile
    #   zetastitcher
oauthlib==3.1.1
    # via requests-oauthlib
opencv-python==4.5.4.60
    # via zetastitcher
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via tensorflow
osqp==0.6.2.post0
    # via cvxpy
pandas==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   zetastitcher
pillow==8.3.1
    # via
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   scikit-image
pims==0.5
    # via zetastitcher
protobuf==3.17.3
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
psutil==5.8.0
    # via zetastitcher
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2021.1
    # via pandas
pywavelets==1.1.1
    # via scikit-image
pyyaml==6.0
    # via zetastitcher
qdldl==0.1.5.post0
    # via osqp
qpsolvers==1.7.2
    # via zetastitcher
quadprog==0.1.10
    # via qpsolvers
requests==2.25.1
    # via
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rsa==4.7.2
    # via google-auth
scikit-image==0.16.2
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cvxpy
    #   ecos
    #   hyperopt
    #   osqp
    #   qdldl
    #   qpsolvers
    #   scikit-image
    #   scs
    #   tensorflow
    #   zetastitcher
scs==2.1.4
    # via cvxpy
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   absl-py
    #   astunparse
    #   cycler
    #   google-auth
    #   google-pasta
    #   grpcio
    #   h5py
    #   hyperopt
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   pims
    #   protobuf
    #   python-dateutil
    #   slicerator
    #   tensorflow
slicerator==1.0.0
    # via pims
tensorboard==2.5.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorboard-data-server==0.6.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.0
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorflow-estimator==2.3.0
    # via tensorflow
termcolor==1.1.0
    # via tensorflow
tifffile==2021.11.2
    # via zetastitcher
tqdm==4.61.2
    # via hyperopt
urllib3==1.26.6
    # via requests
werkzeug==2.0.1
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.36.2
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
wrapt==1.12.1
    # via tensorflow
zetastitcher==0.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
